how programmers calls the cycles?
what loops do you now? tell one.
what command stop loop?
simplest data storage calls ....
how we call string type in C?
how calls function that use itself manytimes?
what kinds of sort do you know?
name of C programming language founder?
what OSs do you know?
what softwere is needed to make code on C work?
what kind of bite systems you know?
who are Biorn Straustrup?
what is logo of Java?
what first word of OOP?
where we can use C sharp?
to test programm coders write ....
how do we call testers?
what am I?
blue whale is abbreviature or logo for ...
robototechnics programming sphere calls...
Mozilla ....
browser to download browsers ...
true or false is .... type
full name of h in code.h
first place to look for help...
what do the programmers write?
Hyper text mark up language is..
CSS what is the second letter?
what WEB-programming languages do you know?
how programmers say on mistakes?
special or exclusive function in programm is ...
what file type appears after compiling?
programmers divide program on procedures other name ...
what first you should learn in programming language?
what do you want from it-academy?
what is the most needed to in into IT sphere?
other name of programmers ... 
programers wears or have ...
when programmer sleeps?
QA means ...
how do you do
2 + 2 =
why do you here?
other words to make code faster or to replays some parts of it?
what is the data type of digits?
how do we call fractional numbers.
can you write and compile code without internet connection?
what you should do on lessons?
are mathematics disciplines needed for programers?
main source of information for programmer is ...
what is not programming language Python,Java,HTML,Lisp,Enot?
choose.a computer terminal means: softwere,hardwere, the internet?
what if the synonim of the word to search?
choose wrong, front-end back-end,side-end.
it is the screen of your computer that you look at.
it is an input device that is used for typing like typewriter
it is the brain of the computer
CU abbreviature of ...
ASAP abbreviature of ...
Steve Jobs or Bill Gates?